Add issue 7963 to upgrade known issues (#743)
harvester/docs: versioned_docs/version-v1.4/upgrade/v1-4-2-to-v1-5-0.md

---
sidebar_position: 2
sidebar_label: Upgrade from v1.4.2 to v1.5.0
title: "Upgrade from v1.4.2 to v1.5.0"
---

<head>

>   <link rel="canonical" href="https://docs.harvesterhci.io/v1.4/upgrade/v1-4-2-to-v1-5-0"/>

Reviewer: 1.5.0 will not be a supported upgrade version. For the upgrade, we should update the doc until the first stable version is ready, which will be 1.5.1.

Also, 1.5.0 is not released yet. 

cc @harvester/release

</head>

## General information

An **Upgrade** button appears on the **Dashboard** screen whenever a new Harvester version that you can upgrade to becomes available. For more information, see [Start an upgrade](./automatic.md#start-an-upgrade).

For air-gapped environments, see [Prepare an air-gapped upgrade](./automatic.md#prepare-an-air-gapped-upgrade).

### Update Harvester UI Extension on Rancher v2.11.0

> To import Harvester v1.5.0 clusters on Rancher v2.11.0, you must use **v1.0.5** of the Rancher UI extension for Harvester.

Reviewer 2: Harvester-ui-extension will have `1.5.0` release along with Harvester v1.5.0 cluster.

```suggestion
To import Harvester v1.5.0 clusters on Rancher v2.11.0, you must use **v1.5.0** of the Rancher UI extension for Harvester.
```

Reviewer 2: Once harvester 1.5.0 ISO is out. 
User can upgrade ui-ext to 1.5.0 on Rancher first, then press upgrade button to do whole cluster upgrade.

1. On the Rancher UI, go to **local > Apps > Repositories**.

1. Locate the repository named **harvester**, and then select **⋮ > Refresh**.

1. Go to the **Extensions** screen.

1. Locate the extension named **Harvester**, and then click **Update**.

> 1. Select version **1.0.5**, and then click **Update**.

Reviewer 2: Same above. Should be `1.5.0`.

1. Allow some time for the extension to be updated, and then refresh the screen.

## Known issues

---

> ### 1. Harvester console shows `Management URL` in "NotReady" state in the upgrade process
> 
> In the process of upgrading from v1.4.2 to v1.5.0, Harvester console on some nodes may show `Management URL` in "NotReady" state.
> 
> ![](/img/v1.4/upgrade/cluster-management-url-not-ready.png)
> 
> It will recover automatically after the node is upgraded to v1.5.0.
> 
> Related issues:
>   - [[BUG] arvester cluster status keep in NotReady on the second joined node from iso installation](https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/7963)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### 1. Management URL status is "NotReady" during upgrade

The Harvester console on some nodes may display `Status: NotReady` while the upgrade is in progress.

![](/img/v1.4/upgrade/cluster-management-url-not-ready.png)

The correct status is displayed after the upgrade to v1.5.0 is completed.

Related issues:
- [[BUG] Harvester cluster status keep in NotReady on the second joined node from iso installation](https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/7963)
```
